Tetrahedral remeshing - new package (#4620)
CGAL/cgal: Tetrahedral_remeshing/doc/Tetrahedral_remeshing/PackageDescription.txt

// Tetrahedral Remeshing

/// \defgroup PkgTetrahedralRemeshingRef Tetrahedral Remeshing Reference
/// \defgroup PkgTetrahedralRemeshingConcepts Concepts
/// \ingroup PkgTetrahedralRemeshingRef

/// \defgroup PkgTetrahedralRemeshingClasses Classes
/// \ingroup PkgTetrahedralRemeshingRef

/// \defgroup PkgPACKAGETraitsClasses Traits Classes
/// \ingroup PkgPACKAGE

/// \defgroup PkgPACKAGEMiscellaneous Miscellaneous
/// \ingroup PkgPACKAGE

/*!
\addtogroup PkgTetrahedralRemeshingRef

\cgalPkgDescriptionBegin{Tetrahedral Remeshing,PkgTetrahedralRemeshing}
\cgalPkgPicture{bimba_back_small.png}

\cgalPkgSummaryBegin
\cgalPkgAuthors{Jane Tournois, Noura Faraj}
\cgalPkgDesc{

> The package provides a function for remeshing of tetrahedral meshes,
> targetting high quality meshes with respect to dihedral angles.}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The package provides a function for remeshing tetrahedral meshes,
targeting high-quality meshes with respect to dihedral angles.}
```
